feat(tracer): support uwsgi (#1992)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/advanced_usage.rst

uWSGI
-----

The tracer and profiler support uWSGI when configured with the following:

- Threads must be enabled.
- Multiple processes requires `lazy-app <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#lazy-apps>`_ enabled or a `master <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#master>`_ process enabled.

Tracing is not supported when using ``ddtrace-run`` with uWSGI as the tracer needs to be initialized in the worker processes. Use manual configuration instead to enable tracing by adding :ref:`patch_all()<patch_all>` and :ref:`agent configuration<agentconfiguration>` to a WSGI app::

  from os import environ
  from ddtrace import patch_all
  from ddtrace import tracer

  patch_all()
  tracer.configure(

>       collect_metrics=environ.get("DD_RUNTIME_METRICS_ENABLED"),

Reviewer: why you have to use a `DD_` variable as a user here is confusing.

Author: Removed

uWSGI
-----

The tracer and profiler support uWSGI when configured with the following:

- Threads must be enabled.
- Multiple processes requires `lazy-app <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#lazy-apps>`_ enabled or a `master <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#master>`_ process enabled.

> Tracing is not supported when using ``ddtrace-run`` with uWSGI as the tracer needs to be initialized in the worker processes. Use manual configuration instead to enable tracing by adding :ref:`patch_all()<patch_all>` and :ref:`agent configuration<agentconfiguration>` to a WSGI app::

Reviewer: As I wrote earlier, I'm a bit confused by this statement. The check_uwsgi point is to make sure we don't initialize in the master process, but in the child process, so that ought to be working. What am I missing?

Author: Does this make more sense now with the uwgi/sitecustomize issue?

Reviewer: Yes

uWSGI
-----

The tracer and profiler support uWSGI when configured with the following:

- Threads must be enabled.

> - Multiple processes requires `lazy-app <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#lazy-apps>`_ enabled or  a `master <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#master>`_ process enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Multiple processes requires `lazy-app <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#lazy-apps>`_ enabled or a `master <https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Options.html#master>`_ process enabled.
```

> Tracing is not support for ``ddtrace-run`` with uWSGI as the tracer needs to be initialized in the worker processes. Use manual configuration instead to enable tracing by adding :ref:`patch_all()<patch_all>` and :ref:`agent configuration<agentconfiguration>` to a WSGI app::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tracing is not supported when using ``ddtrace-run`` with uWSGI as the tracer needs to be initialized in the worker processes. Use manual configuration instead to enable tracing by adding :ref:`patch_all()<patch_all>` and :ref:`agent configuration<agentconfiguration>` to a WSGI app::
```

> Tracing is not supported when using ``ddtrace-run`` with uWSGI as the tracer needs to be initialized in the worker processes. Use manual configuration instead to enable tracing by adding :ref:`patch_all()<patch_all>` and :ref:`agent configuration<agentconfiguration>` to a WSGI app::

Reviewer 2: We should be able to detect this within `ddtrace-run` and inform the user that there may be issues. It's highly unlikely that people are going to see this documentation before trying it.

  from os import environ
  from ddtrace import patch_all
  from ddtrace import tracer

  patch_all()
  tracer.configure(

>       hostname=environ.get("DD_AGENT_HOST"),

Reviewer 2: I'd be for removing `hostname` and `port` from this example or changing the values from being from the environment (since we have our own variables for this already that are automatically read).
